=Recruit A General to Lead the Troops=
=Episode 1=
Li Chengyu.
It's over for you.
Surrender now.
You moved most of the palace guards away
and struck while defenses were weak.
That's treason.
It's you who must surrender.
Hmph.
You still think
you're the invincible hero?
Look.
You're the only one left.
You can't defend
the palace today.
One man is enough.
Your Majesty.
The corridor defense has fallen.
They're at the imperial study now.
He can no longer use Thunderous Force.
Why fear him?
He's poisoned.
He lost his power.
Attack!
Whoever takes Li Chengyu's head
will be rewarded 10,000 gold!
Kill!
(Ah, how comfortable.)
So this is the mighty God of War?
Wow.
I nearly drowned.
Hey, where am I?
Hey, why so much blood?
Let's see how many lives you have.
What are you doing? You crazy?
Wasn't he poisoned?
How can he still use that move?
Another nightmare?
Ah!
It hurts.
Oh no.
It's not a dream.
Zhang!
Wasn't I bathing?
Where am I?
This... this looks like
an ancient prison.
(Prisoner)
Li Chengyu, time to die.
No way.
You want to kill me
right after I arrive?
Drink the medicine.
Leave.
(This is poison. They want to
poison me to death right after I arrive?)
Forget it if you won't drink.
Last night, Vice Minister of War
suddenly raised troops to rebel.
There must be a mole in the palace.
After a secret search,
these secret letters were found
in the rebel's room.
All these letters
were sent to one place.
Qingfeng Stronghold.
Qingfeng Stronghold?
Its leader, Chen Xinrou,
is the daughter Chancellor
had with his mistress years ago.
Few people know this.
You suspect Chancellor?
I'm sending you
to infiltrate Qingfeng Stronghold
and find proof of his treason.
Undercover?
(This stronghold is special.)
(It's formed by over 100 women.)
(No man are allowed to enter.)
How do I get in?
A spy in the stronghold revealed
they plan to abduct a man
as Chen Xinrou's husband.
You will disguise as a farmer.
I'll announce
that General God of War
rebelled and failed.
He's been jailed
and is awaiting punishment.
This stronghold
is full of monsters.
They devour people.
How frightening.
Tao Lianxin,
fourth leader of Qingfeng Stronghold.
Silent and reserved.
Skilled in martial arts.
She's in charge
of the stronghold's defense.
Anyone who flee
will be killed.
(Qingfeng Stronghold)
You're always fighting.
How annoying.
The stronghold reeks of men.
Do you men never bathe?
Run?
Run again, and I'll break your legs.
The meal's not ready.
And the stronghold is in chaos.
How sluggish.
Qiu Erniang,
second leader of Qingfeng Stronghold.
A fierce widow.
Great cook.
(Second leader, Qiu Erniang)
In charge of food.
These are your names.
I'll toss them in the air.
Whoever falls into the vat,
blame your bad luck.
Choosing a husband like this
is careless.
Why? We didn't run.
Why my foot.
Because all men deserve death!
(Li Qiang)
(Li Chengyu)
(Preliminaries, First Round, Final)
(Preliminaries:
Li Chengyu vs Wang Sanlang)
This round tests your strength.
Two will fight on stage.
(Win, Lose)
Winners stand here.
Losers stand here.
Do your best.
Perform well, you may live.
(As in last round,)
(those unfit were dragged away.)
(Why keep the losers this time?)
(They already have
Tao Lianxin, who's skilled.)
(Why choose a live-in husband,)
(who's skilled in martial arts?)
(Or perhaps)
(they want a lucky fool.)
(So winning is losing,)
(losing is winning.)
(Lose)
Next round.
Wen Minmin, youngest of all.
Third leader of Qingfeng Stronghold.
In charge of production.
(They all want to live.)
(They'll fight to win.)
(Then losing will be easy for me.)
Hmph.
I'll fight.
Even if I die,
I won't marry that demoness,
Chen Xinrou.
(Darn, he's not afraid to die.)
Come at me.
(Hey.)
(This is way too fake.)
What should we do?
We can only choose two.
If it's a tie,
we'll consider both as losers.
Losers will enter next round.
What?
(Preliminaries, First round, Li Chengyu)
You've passed each round,
reaching the final.
Listen.
If you want to live,
perform well.
Qin Manyue,
fifth leader of Qingfeng Stronghold.
Gentle and kind.
Skilled in calligraphy and arts.
She's in charge of accounts.
Only one will survive.
Our leader's choice of husband
values equal status.
Introduce your background first.
(A live-in husband's status
doesn't matter.)
(The sadder I am,
the better chance to stay.)
(A pity contest?)
(I got it.)
(Lose)
Alright, I'll start.
Hello, everyone.
My name is Wang.
I was born in a small mountain village.
My kin and villagers live there.
My family was very poor.
My mother told me from young
that poor children grow up fast.
All along,
I really
don't know how I survived.
Stop.
It's too fake.
Drag him away.
No, my emotions
just came up.
I haven't finished crying.
Then continue.
My parents
died before naming me.
So I've always been Wang.
Wang is fine.
Better than being named Wang Fool.
At 13,
I didn't know my gender.
Stop.
It's too fake.
Drag him away.
Wait.
I'm not done yet.
Don't rush. I have more.
No, I still have something to say.
I'll do anything for you.
I'll do it now.
(They take lives lightly.)
(It's too much.)
You take lives lightly.
It's too much.
I also lost my parents young.
I had no food to eat.
I'm miserable enough.
Yet I have to serve you
in this stronghold?
It's always women who serve men.
When have men grovel like this?
Well...
This is too humiliating.
Emotionally unstable.
Drag him away.
Next.
Hey, I'm emotionally stable.
Hey, I'm not sick.
I'm emotionally stable.
(They said all my lines.)
(It's over. I'm doomed today.)
Don't speak.
I feel your sincerity.
Is this the chosen husband?
Erniang said today is a good day
to hold a wedding.
We marry tonight.
What's this?
Chen Xinrou,
leader of Qingfeng Stronghold.
No one knows her true appearance.
Nor knows
how she became
Qingfeng Stronghold's leader.
But rumors say
Chen Xinrou is seven feet tall.
Strong and muscular.
Fierce-faced, sharp-toothed.
She kills without blinking.
Utterly terrifying.
(Qingfeng Stronghold Leader,
Chen Xinrou)
♪If you've never seen a bloom,
you can't know hope♪
♪If you weren't here,
I wouldn't have come♪
♪On a soda-lit night,
only the wind knows my love♪
♪Like a feather of morning love
♪It's a helpless kind of feeling♪
falling into the deep sea♪
♪Being unnoticed,
yet I still tell you I love you♪
♪But my confession
is drowned out by the wind♪
♪You can't hear it♪
♪I also want to rush forward♪
♪To give you all my heart♪
♪Yet it's pushed away by you♪
♪Whether love is spoken
or left unspoken♪
♪I know you understand♪
♪It's just an accident♪
♪You longed to wander once more,
by my side through the throng♪
♪I know you weren't really here for me♪
♪Yet still, who else could bring
a surprise quite like you♪
♪After you left,
I didn't want to let go♪
♪You brushed past me,
leaving your trace in the crowd♪
♪I didn't shut you out♪
♪But I couldn't wait for you to stop♪
♪Yet I seem to clutch you,
unable to let you fade into the crowd♪